hey mo she wants our fans hey Moshi want
the fans today I'm going to show you
what I got in my 10 packs of motion
mashup cards so here is my first bath
mat piece are four slide chance shiny
mr. Snoodle octo professor perplex
broccoli spears blurt and we look and
evil here's my second pack map piece are
eight Waldo shiny but she fend go big
bad bill GG roxy i merit esli ginger
snap here is my third pack matthews are
too jeepers shiny max volume home free
petsami do we lady google tipsy and
here's my fourth back Matt piece l7
puppet shiny captain a barnacle
sheshe dr. strange club snookums a bit
agony aunt and flippy here's my fifth
pack Matt piece are five coolio waldo
mcnutt Lee slide chance Gilbert Finister
DJ quack Simon growl and here is my six
pack Matt piece l5 very shiny Gilbert
Finister DJ quack Simon growl Stanley
bug and ratty and Hansel here is my
seventh path Matt piece L 40 d blurp we
Vulcan evil coolio Waldo mcnutt fleet
and sly chance here's my eight-pack um
Matt peas are nine honey Billy Bob
Bateman jeepers terror
fangs gurgle coo coo and OD and here's
my knife back Matt piece are three or a
scroll Doris ms not it's nuts mr.
Snoodle octo professor perplex broccoli
spears and here's my tenth and last pack
Matt piece r6g g shiny stainle buggin
Maddie Hansel Shelby White Fang and egg
on groaning and that's all my packs of
Moshe mashup cards thanks for watching
bye